-East Coast!
-West Coast!
East Coast!
How does if feel
to be
the centerfold for losers?
Not this year.
Sharks all the way.
ALL: Yeah.
Just because you
skanks go all the way...
What?
...doesn't mean
your team will.
Boys.
One, two, three, four.
♪ "J" to the "E"
to the "T" to the "S"
♪ Jets kick ass
from east to west
♪ All you do is
shake your butts
Cheer 101 for stupid sluts
♪ We're the West Coast Sharks
And we got bite
♪ We got what it
takes to win this fight
♪ Jets,
you stiff, you dull, you old
Your moves and
motions leave us cold
♪ Carson,
captain of their team
A loser even in her dreams
♪ You said it all,
except one hitch
She's a stuck-up,
nasty, stupid little witch
♪ You girls think
that you're ahead
Our mascot's moves
will knock you dead! ♪
(AUDIENCE CHEERING)
(CHEERING STOPS)
I am so psyched!
No, really. This time
it wasn't a nightmare.
AEYSHA: Busted.
Damn!
We're gonna have some fun.
Fun? We're not here
to have fun, Ruben.
We're here to win.
Do you think East
Coast is here to have fun?
Hell, no! So, no fun.
Okay. I won't use
the "F" word anymore.
Look, this year
we're taking the title
and going on the world tour.
Hell to the yeah!
Let's bust some
East Coast attitude!
Reality check.
The Jets have beat us
three years in a row.
What's your problem,
doom cookie?
No problem.
Let the disemboweling begin!
Dibs on their entrails!
REPORTER: Cheer TV is live
at the Hard Rock Hotel
at Universal Orlando.
And I'm here
with Pepper Driscoll
and Vance Voorhees,
owners of the two
rival cheer camps.
Pepper, can you tell
us a little bit about
the All Star Cheer
Camp Championships?
I'd love to. Well,
this year is extra special,
because the winning squad
will represent
our great nation
on a Cheer
Exhibition World Tour.
That's right.
And my teams will come in
at least first and
second place again.
Pepper's camp has
both champion squads
that epitomize the clash
in American cheer styles.
In fact,
last year, one of her squads,
the East Coast Jets,
with their
traditional cheer moves
narrowly defeated
the West Coast Sharks,
another one of
Pepper's squads shown here
with their new
wave dance styling
inspired by music
video choreography.
In the cheer world,
the controversy
is brewing over
what exactly
defines cheerleading,
precision or flavor.
Speaking of controversy,
Vance,
is the bad blood
between your Camp Victory
and Pepper's
Camp Spirit Thunder
related to your divorce?
Of course not.
We're both professionals,
and we handle our
craft seriously.
Which is why I can
say that, this year,
a Camp Victory team
will vanquish all comers.
By vanquish he
means third again.
No, this year
Camp Victory has
a secret weapon.
Bulltwinkle, you do not.
We do, and I guess
you're gonna have
to wait and see.
Well, we'll all see
in this Saturday's
World Cheer Exhibition
right here on Cheer TV.
All right,
after everybody unpacks,
we need to
practice our home routine.
We just got here.
Yeah, and if we want
to leave here winners,
it's going to take practice,
practice
and more practice.
And after that...
Oh, my God. Carson.
I'm, like, so glad
you came back this year.
Hey, Brooke,
of course we came back.
After losing to us
three years in a row,
it's, like, so brave.
Yo! Can we burn
this Least Coast trash?
You know what?
They're not even
worth it, Aeysha.
Give it up, Brooke.
We're not gonna
play like that.
Oh, you mean like champions?
Yeah.
Not really your thing, huh?
Practice in 10 minutes!
Ta-ta.
♪ We're from the West Coast
The mighty, mighty West Coast
♪ We ain't got no fear
We're the best, it's our year!
♪ W-E-S-T,
West Coast can't be beat! ♪
I think it's time for
a little guerilla warfare.
Brooke, where are we
gonna find gorillas?
Just follow my lead.
All right,
you guys, spread out.
Give it flavor.
Five, six, seven, eight.
One, two, four, five and six,
seven and eight.
One,
two, and four, five and six,
seven and eight.
One and two... Ignore them!
Six, seven, eight.
BROOKE: Hey, girls.
Oh, hell, no.
RUBEN: Oh, shit.
She's gonna go throw down.
Yo, Paris Hilton.
If you and this
little purse dog of yours
ever pull that skanky
East Coast mess again,
I will slice you
like government cheese!
Aeysha, give it a rest.
Give it a rest.
I swear to you I will...
I didn't know
the government made cheese.
She better watch her back.
What?
You go, girl.
You know what?
I need to rework
that transition, anyway,
so free time until
opening ceremonies.
(EXCLAIMS)
Whoa.
Hey, are you okay?
I'm fine.
You kind of got skid marks.
Good.
Now the police can
track down the stroller.
Hey, why do I feel
like I've met you before?
I don't know.
Maybe in a prior life.
Well, I was thinking this one,
but now that sounds whack.
So, where are you from?
California. A place
called Eden Hills. You?
Nowhere and everywhere.
You know, I'm an army brat.
I guess I'm just
a regular brat.
I've never been
out of the country.
We just moved
back from London.
Really?
We're going there soon.
Oh, you're gonna love England.
-You know me so well.
-Oh, no doubt.
Because, you know,
in our prior life, when
we were guards at
Buckingham Palace,
you were that hottie wearing
that bearskin hat.
Of course, all the guards
were trying to
hook up with you.
Oh, right, let me guess.
You defended my honor.
No, I was trying
to get at you, too.
Hey, you ever done
the Double-Dragon?
What?
(YELLING)
Right. I got to go.
Hey, hold up, skids.
What if I want
to see you again?
(CLICKS)
Number?
916-555-0198.
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
(PHONE CLICKS)
Cool. Now,
I got your number, skids.
It's Carson.
It's Penn.
If you need help
wiping that off...
Just so you know,
I'm not mad anymore.
I MySpaced it all
out of my system.
Now, hurry up,
or we're gonna be late
for the opening ceremony.
Why him? Why now?
Why who?
Aeysha, I met this guy.
What? I wasn't even sure
you remember what guys were.
His name is
Penn and he's so...
Carson, breathe.
He's awesome and smart,
but in a good way.
And he's hot,  caliente
hot.
Aeysha,
I want to lick his abs.
But you didn't, right?
No!
I need to stay focused,
that means no cute boys.
Right now,
beating the Jets
is my top priority.
And you're doing
the right thing.
I know.
So, can I have him?
Penn looks hot.
Just don't.
What do you mean?
I like your hair
that way, Chelsea.
Oh, it's this new gel.
My hair always looks better
when there's
something sticky in it.
All right. Who is she?
What?
The girl who's
making you stupid.
All right.
Check it out. I met her today
when I was running.
Her name's...
-Carson!
-Right.
-Wrong.
She's a Shark.
She's the frigging
captain of the Sharks.
And what did she say?
What did she want?
Did she ask
about our routines?
Yeah, right.
Cheering was the last
thing we talked about.
Penn,
she's like your sworn emeny.
I swear it.
Trust me. She's not my enemy.
Penn, you need to know.
Carson's a two-faced,
back-biting,
man-eating Shark!
Yeah. And guys hate biters.
Why are you
guys busting on me?
Because you don't get it.
Yeah. I think I do.
Don't flatter yourself, Penn.
This is about our team,
about winning.
So now what, Captain?
Are you gonna forbid me
from seeing Carson?
I would never do that.
Good, 'cause it wouldn't work.
(EXCLAIMS)
He can't date a Shark!
Duh, Chelsea. Watch and learn.
Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you.
Hi, everybody.
Welcome to Camp
Spirit Thunder.
(WHOOPS)
This year,
we're so proud to welcome
a new member to
our family, okay.
I heard she's really tough.
Give a big Spirit welcome
to our new choreographer,
Chicago.
Come on up here, girl.
(WHISTLES)
All right, all eyes on me.
Now,
I want you all to remember
this gorgeous face,
'cause it will
haunt you in your sleep.
Now, I believe in hard work.
Winning knows no pain.
So, when I say jump,
I wanna hear, "How high?"
Now jump.
ALL: How high?
That's what I'm talking about.
Don't hate the player, baby.
Okay, seriously,
Cheerzilla is a little scary.
What? I love her.
She's the kind of black woman
gay men emulate.
She's amazing.
Welcome your cheer-tastic 2008
Spirit Thunder instructors!
Come on, guys.
That was really great.
(CONGA  PLAYING)
Yeah! Aren't they terrific?
Aren't they wonderful?
Yeah!
All right.
And now, as you know,
we have a very
special tradition here
at Camp Spirit Thunder.
This spirit
stick was given to me
by the father of
cheerleading himself,
Herkie Herkimer.
It embodies
the heart and the soul
of cheerleading,
and it brings the luck
of the cheer spirits.
So, each team will
be able to experience
its powerful
aura for one night.
That's right.
And last year's winners of the
Championships will
have the honors first,
the East Coast Jets.
-Go get it.
-What?
-Come on. You do it. Go.
Just a warning.
Lose the stick and
you will face the wrath
of the cheer gods.
I once knew a cheerleader
who misplaced
the stick for just one day
and she broke her leg doing
a simple toe touch.
Wait for it.
So guard it with
your lives, people.
Wait for it.
You will find good fortune
while it's in your possession,
Jets.
(GASPS)
Cheer smackdown.
Words, shorty. Use your words.
Him.
Abs Penn.
Go Jets.
Oh, girl.
You know a cheer Crip
can't be hitting it
with a cheer Blood.
All right.
Everybody have a fun
and safe week here at
Camp Spirit Thunder!
You're a Jet?
Yeah, that's a trip, huh?
Why didn't you tell me?
What, that I was
a male cheerleader? Sure.
That's a real panty-dropper!
Look, I didn't mean any...
Did Brooke tell
you to play me?
Sucks to be you, huh?
Carson, I didn't know
you were a cheerleader.
Like...
And what's the big deal?
I'm a Jet. So what?
So what?
I cannot have
an inter-cheeracial
relationship!
(CELL PHONES RINGING)
Hello?
VANCE: Greetings,
Camp Spirit Thunder.
Just a friendly video postcard
from Camp Victory.
Looking very
forward to seeing you
in the Championships.
We'vegot a secret
weapon this year.
Say, Pepper,
how many of
your kids can throw
a roundoff, back handspring
double-fold twist?
Oh, none?
(LAUGHS)
Meet the new and
improved Flamingos.
See you at the...
The Flamingos?
They can barely
stand on one leg.
Everybody, it is all right.
Vance Voorhees is just trying
to psyche us out. Okay?
And it didn't work last year,
and it's not
gonna work this year.
We always win.
Nothing's gonna
stop us this week.
Except the Sharks.
Your little trick's
not gonna work, Brooke.
Making sure I
knew Penn was a Jet
makes it that much
easier to resist him.
(EXCLAIMS)
I'm no player,
but I thought I
had a little game.
Sorry, Penn,
but I've only got
one thing on my mind,
and that is
crushing your squad.
Not even in your dreams,
Carson.
We're done here. Let's go.
Hey, can you go on
spiritaccessories.com
and see if they
have the key chains
that light up?
If pink is the new black,
what's the new pink?
Aeysha,
I'm trying to work here.
I have to find a killer stunt
that'll knock East
Coast on their spanks.
Sorry.
It doesn't matter.
I can't concentrate anyway.
Hey, you need to get serious,
'cause I don't
care how cute he is,
we are here to win, right?
True that, sister, yo.
Girl, go to sleep.
Tomorrow is gonna be fun.
Five, six, seven, eight.
Come on.
My granny can jump higher
than that from her grave.
...seven, eight, one.
Okay, Sarah, you're up.
Let's have
a little spirit this time.
♪ 1st and 10, do it again.
Go, go ♪
All right, Ruben, you're up.
♪ P-E-A-C-E.
Peace to the Middle East
Go, planet! ♪
He can't do that, can he?
I mean,
if he cheers for peace,
then the terrorists win! Duh!
Showmanship.
That's what sells
the performance.
So, I want everyone
to give me big facials.
Because you have to remember
that points will be deducted
for bad facials, okay?
All right.
All right, you guys, now.
Any of those dance moves
can be used in
a cheer routine.
Since when is dance
a part of cheerleading,
anyway?
Since the world
first started recognizing
that cheerleading was real.
I mean,
think about it, you guys.
If you've got some
dope cheerleading,
you're throwing
some hot dance moves
and you got some
crazy tumbling.
What do you have?
You got
a triple threat, right?
Triple threat right here.
Yo, I got this.
Okay. Okay. Bring it, boo.
Ain't like they can
hang when a sister gets
to cracking and
popping her collarbone.
You smell me?
What the hell are you doing?
I'm keeping it real, sister.
Keeping it real for who?
You need to just
be you, okay, boo?
Just be you.
♪ I love it when we win
♪ The only thing that's better
Is when it's twice as long
♪ And I get a double-header ♪
Your cart.
First off, we're gonna start
with happy, happy, happy.
We're so happy to be here.
Good.
All right, now, surprise.
What just happened?
I don't know but
it was wonderful.
Here comes the big wink
for you in the back, judge.
Big wink. There we go.
Come on, girl. Sunshine,
I have seen better
facials at a funeral,
and I'm talking
about the corpses.
Oh, we like that, do we?
Well,
let's just make that smile...
Oh, gosh. Okay, all right.
Well, the workshop is over.
Do just one facial. Come on.
If you hate
cheerleading so much,
why do you do it?
For Satan.
That's a shiny nugget
I did not need to know.
BOY: It's just
like yoga, you know.
GIRL: It is.
Satan is my car.
My parents
promised me payments
and insurance if
I join the squad.
Well,
my parents promised me a car
if I stop cheerleading.
And if I nail a girl,
I get my own apartment.
See, that was almost a facial.
Yeah, in Transylvania.
Step off, Brooke.
Who are you?
Her fairy Goth-mother?
Brooke, get over yourself,
and stop sweating my team.
Why would
anyone listen to you?
You suck as
a gymnast and a captain, too.
Cheer-off. Sharks!
Yeah.
Five, six, seven, eight.
♪ It don't matter what we do
♪ Music, baby, is our cue
♪ Hands and shoulders,
face so tight
♪ All our moves
will rock this fight
♪ Our moves are tight,
we lift with ease
♪ The things we do
will make you wheeze
♪ So watch us
strike our muscle pose
♪ While you all
prance and dosey-doe
♪ That was cute,
your pose was dull
♪ But all of you
have belly rolls
♪ Once again we
groove with flare
♪ The moves we do,
you wouldn't dare
♪ So listen quick
while your face gets cracked
♪ One, two, three, you're wack
♪ Your rhymes are fun,
but we're still good
♪ We still can stunt,
you're from the hood
♪ Hood rats, good rats,
what are you called?
♪ The moves you
do won't win at all
♪ So listen quick, oops
♪ You said that rhyme
One, two, three, our time
♪ Motions,
motions, hear them roar
♪ No one's
knocking at your door
♪ With no rhythm
and with no sass
♪ All of you can kiss our ass
♪ Dance, 10, looks, 3
♪ The moves you
do make us all pee
♪ We laugh,
we cry, we all say hi
♪ 'Cause when you dance,
it's bye, bye, bye
♪ Bye, bye ♪
Bye.
Bye. Have fun.
Yo, that was shady, Brooke.
Please,
you totally popped a chubber.
Hey, Brooke.
What?
♪ You've got no clue,
you're in the dark
Wake up call,
it's the year of the... ♪
Come on, babycakes.
If we all just imagine
this world's a fabulous place,
it'll happen.
I see children
frolicking under a rainbow
eating hormone-free treats.
A unicorn.
I see mutant turtles gnawing
on festering human flesh.
(EXCLAIMS)
They ate the unicorn.
You need Jesus. Or Prozac.
Thanks for trying to
cheer me up, Ruben,
but I'm more mad at
myself than Brooke.
I let her get to me.
That's why we
lost the cheer-off.
Yeah, that bites.
You gonna finish that steak?
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Spirit to you.
Hey, I heard you had kind of
a rough day, huh?
But your luck's
about to change.
Okay. All right.
Oh, West Coast Sharks,
may the luck
of Herkie smile on
you as it has for me.
♪ Go Sharks
♪ Go Sharks ♪
Okay,
guys, we got to give props
to the spirits, but
isn't this a little extreme?
You know how nasty
some cheerleaders
can be when they're alive.
Do you really want
to risk the dead ones
hating on you?
Then let's do this right.
Look, off.
Fire, water,
earth, air, spirit stick.
You know what this
really needs to pop?
The blood of a virgin.
Okay. Why are you
guys looking at me?
Come on, Carson,
just a little pin prick.
If she can take
a little prick,
she wouldn't be a virgin.
RUBEN: You coming?
Hell to the yeah.
Where?
You wouldn't be into it.
Cheer poker with
the Prairie Dogs.
What's the buy-in?
Sarah, this is cheer poker.
Sounds like easy pickings.
Wait.
Who's gonna guard
the spirit stick?
You know what? You guys go.
I'm captain,
I'll do stick duty.
-Thanks.
-Thanks, boo.
SARAH:
What room is the poker game?
RUBEN:
Dumpy Dogs have a suite.
Why can't I delete you?
Down here.
Penn, what are you doing?
Well, you don't
answer my calls and texts,
so I had to do it old school
and show up in person.
Don't make me serenade you.
Penn, you're a Jet.
We can't...
I know. I know. Look,
let's just do the rides.
No cheer talk. I promise.
The Double-Dragon?
Now you're talking.
I'll meet you.
Cradle.
That was sick!
You had fun, didn't you?
Hey! I know how to play, bro.
Mmm-hmm.
What?
I take cheering seriously.
You know,
my team's counting on me.
I'm not gonna let them down.
Word on the street?
It's just summer camp.
Yeah, maybe for you.
We worked our butts
off just to get here.
So did we.
And we had to
raise a lot of money.
You know,
wet T-shirt car washes.
Trust me. I know.
Anyways, winning
a competition like this,
it could really up my chance
of getting
a scholarship to college.
I even had to get
a team scholarship
just to get here.
Yeah, so did I.
You know, it's
nothing to be ashamed of.
In my case, it is.
What do you mean?
Look, don't get all
serious on me, skids.
Come on.
♪ You fumbled on the flop
We'll trick you on the turn
♪ Now here comes the river
and the P-Dog burn! ♪
You Dogs think you
can fool us Sharks
at poker faces.
You are so bluffing,
Prairie Dog. I call.
Trip cowboys. I beat that.
How about my three bullets
shoot down your cowboys?
P-Dogs rule!
Oh, yeah? How about
a Texas titty twister
on the house?
Hey, what are you doing?
Oh, no, what the...
Go, go. Oh, no, we got them.
We got his shorts.
Look, shark.
(GUN FIRES)
A world tour is
no big deal to me.
I've been
overseas my whole life.
Well, if you win again,
you can get
a cheer scholarship, too.
To West Point?
Okay,
wait, why would you go there?
You're
a musician and a dancer.
(SIGHS)
Yeah, well, my father
is a son of immigrants,
and they came from nothing.
And after he made a career out
of the military,
he had everything.
So, all his sons
went to West Point.
There's five of us,
and, well, I'm the last one.
So, my parents,
well, my father expects it.
Well, can't you talk to him?
I mean, won't he let you cheer
somewhere else?
Wait. He doesn't know?
My dad would spew a colon.
I kind of told him
I joined the tae kwon do team.
Can I tell you a secret,
but just between us?
Sure.
What?
Even though my
family has money,
I took a team scholarship
because I didn't want him
to find out about Cheer Camp.
Wow.
Well, does your team know?
Weak, huh?
So, where does your
dad think you are now?
Extreme Warrior
Martial Arts Camp.
He watched me
pack my nunchuks.
(BOTH SHOUT)
Whoa,
you sharks do stick together.
Yeah, get it, get it.
Move it. Come on, honey.
Oh, go get Carson.
Honey,
that girl can wear a thong.
Yeah, my girl
needs to learn to hang.
But we need to take
this show to my crib.
She's guarding
the stick there.
Come on, you all, let's go.
Let's go.
Yo, Carson dipped out.
And took the stick.
Where?
Maybe my girl learned to hang.
Come on, let's go find her.
You know,
I should really get going.
I just told you
my darkest secret.
Yeah, I know, but...
Look, when was the last time
you just danced for fun?
Without being
thrown in the air
every few seconds?
A bar mitzvah three years ago.
So, Jet boy thinks
he can handle
West Coast moves?
I think Shark girl's asking
the wrong question.
(BE GOOD TO ME  PLAYING)
No, Carson
wouldn't bring it here.
Too many haters.
Where else can we look?
I think I have an idea.
Carson!
Oh, no.
What?
I'm about to
have a secret, too.
Carson!
What are you guys doing here?
Us?
You need to check yourself.
We were just hanging out.
Carson, give us
back the spirit stick.
You junk up its
karma around here
with all these civilians.
Ruben, it's in our room.
SARAH: No, it's not.
Why do you think
we're out here
looking for you?
Somebody jacked it,
and now we know for sure who.
Jets!
♪ Jets kick ass
from east to west ♪
And speaking of coincidence...
You lost the spirit stick.
You Sharks are tuna.
Just give it back.
Carson,
this isn't a Jets prank.
I wouldn't scam you like this.
Come on, Carson,
it's just a big coincidence
how he got you
out of your room
and then
the spirit stick was stolen.
Seems wrong he didn't
tell you he was a Jet
when he met you.
That's right.
This has cheer bitch's
skanky paw prints all over it!
Don't let them
play us again, Carson.
It's our year, remember?
This is so whack.
Look, Carson.
I'll help you look
for the stupid stick,
all right?
-What?
-Stupid stick?
Yeah. I'll help you look, too.
Look, don't get all
crazy about this, okay?
No, it's not okay.
How can I trust someone
who lies to his own team?
Carson.
You know,
he didn't need you guys
to raise travel
money for the trip.
He was too
scared to tell his dad
about Cheer Camp.
She's a liar, right, Penn?
No, Brooke. I should
have just believed you
when you said Sharks and Jets
were sworn enemies.
Now I know why.
You showed your true colors,
didn't you?
And you showed
you're just a Jet.
Have fun being cursed, losers.
Hey, we sold candy
bars for you, dude.
I'll pay you back the money,
okay?
But those
Butterfingers were heavy.
GIRL: Hey, Pepper.
Heard the Sharks
totally lost the spirit stick.
What?
Yeah, they're over there.
Thank you. Thank you so much.
See you.
Uh-oh.
So it's true.
You lost my spirit stick.
Pepper, I'm sorry.
Look, I got distracted...
Well,
it was up to you to guard it
with your lives.
We'll find it, Pepper.
Oh, you better.
Yeah, so, on the real,
what happens if we don't?
Oh, who knows?
You remember that cheerleader
I was telling you about?
Well, after she broke her leg,
her entire team got
some kind of
nasty stomach virus,
and they all vomited
on the competition floor,
all right?
And, needless to say,
everyone was happy
to see them go
home the next day,
including the judges.
Okay, stop! We are not cursed.
Not even the spirit stick gods
can take this
victory away from us.
We are going to win, damn it.
Pyramid, seven, eight.
One, two,
three and four, five, six...
Hey.
(GROANING)
You guys, get up!
This is one fast-acting curse.
Hey!
(GASPING)
Damn curse.
(SIGHS)
-Are those the Sharks?
-Yeah.
Don't let them touch you.
Let the curse be with you!
This is all the money
I've got on me right now.
So I can give you
the rest as soon as I can,
all right?
That's not what I care about.
So, what's your deal, Penn?
Do you want to be here or not?
At this minute, not so much.
I'm serious.
We want to win.
Now you know
what kind of snakes
those Sharks really are.
Yeah. They're like snarks.
The enemy.
Yeah, I get it, Chelsea.
BROOKE: Do you?
Look, I get it.
You're not into me.
Nothing's gonna happen.
(CLEARS THROAT)
But it will
happen for this team.
And the only way
it's gonna work
is if we do this together.
CHELSEA: Yeah.
So,
you're like with us or what?
♪ "J" to the "E"
to the "T" to the "S"
♪ Jets kick ass
from east to west! ♪
You know they stole the stick.
It don't matter who took it,
we got to bust
a cap in this curse.
Even Ruben thinks so now.
AEYSHA: You know what?
I think it's time for
Sarah to do her thing.
A cheer sacrifice?
Has it really come to that?
Well, if it'll get us a win,
we'll do it at midnight.
O mighty fallen cheer angels,
we summon thee from darkness.
We're sorry about
your spirit stick,
but shouldn't you be cursing
the skanky
succubae that stole it?
Not us.
While you process our request,
will you please
accept our sacrifices?
Go, spirits!
It wouldn't hurt.
Girl! Your lucky strapless?
If you love something,
set it free.
(EERIE MOANS)
Oh, my God.
The cheer spirits are here.
They don't sound cheerful.
Maybe it was just the wind.
(CRASHING)
That's for trying to
get us cursed, freaks!
Yeah, except that
you don't deserve.
Like we need to steal
the spirit stick to win.
You couldn't even beat me
in a cheer-off, loser.
All right, that's it.
You want a real battle?
Sharks and Jets, right now.
Fair fight. No contact.
ALL: Cheer rumble!
Let's go.
-Yeah, let's go, you guys.
-Let's do this.
Come on, you guys,
go around the corner.
Come on, guys, let's go.
Hey, snarks.
Bring it.
Jets!
Sharks!
Pyramid! Higher!
(ALL SCREAMING)
What happened
tonight is an all-time,
an all-time low for
Camp Spirit Thunder!
You've just ruined
this camp's chances
against Vance.
And, even worse,
you lost my spirit stick.
Brooke, give Pepper
back her spirit stick.
Hey,
loser, if I had the stick,
why would my team
have gotten hurt?
CARSON: Because your team
started the rumble.
You don't even deserve...
Enough!
You kids have let
down yourselves,
your camp and your country.
Take a look around.
Neither of you have
enough team members
to compete now.
So in the morning,
when you get up,
there'll be buses here
waiting to take you all home.
Good night!
Tomorrow, we need to whip
those little
Prairie Dogs into shape.
Then girlfriend,
you'd better
pray for a miracle.
Let's just go home and pretend
this whole sorry
trip never happened.
What a nightmare.
Where's the spirit stick?
Brooke, I know you have it.
You're still
the rock star of stupid.
Why would I keep
the stick and stay cursed?
RUBEN:
Can we all just get over it?
Even Paris and
Nicole settled their...
Shut up, Ruben!
(EERIE GROWL)
CARSON: Pepper?
Run! Flip! Jump high!
You dissed the spirits,
and die, die, die!
Pepper, let go!
(PEPPER LAUGHING EVILLY)
(CARSON SCREAMING)
What the hell?
Brooke didn't
steal the spirit stick.
She would've
given it back by now
to get rid of the curse.
Whatever! She is
still a sick individual.
Now, just go to sleep.
I don't need any more
drama tonight, okay?
But that means
Penn had nothing to
do with it, either.
You guys,
we can't leave like this.
It's like we're giving up.
I promised you guys a win,
and we're going to get one.
Pretty.
Brooke,
I don't think you stole
the spirit stick anymore.
Like I give a flying
tuck what you think.
Well,
I do think you want to win
Camp
Championships as much as I do.
So what?
Well, if there was
any chance to stay
and compete,
you'd consider it, right?
Even if it meant
coming together.
That's like cheer-cest!
Chelsea,
I meant combining our teams.
Look, it's about not quitting.
Pepper wants her camp to win,
I think she'll help us.
Brilliant plan, Carson.
Look,
I think the Jets are already
on the spirits' hit list.
Because of you.
Okay, well, if we leave now,
we'll all stay cursed.
Come on, Brooke.
Boo that, freak!
We're out of here.
Penn?
Look, I'm sorry for...
Well,
it's kind of a long list.
Later, Carson.
You can call me skids!
What?
You wanted me to say yes
to Hilary Duff light?
Strap on a pair, Penn.
Can I borrow yours?
Don't even try
to out-bitch me.
Yeah.
Brooke's like
the Olym-bitch champion.
No doubt.
I just never pegged
you for a quitter.
I'm not quitting, Penn.
I'm embracing my future.
Which is freaking bright!
Everyone says so.
They say a lot of
other stuff about her, too,
you know.
Shut up, Chelsea!
Okay, we're in.
Yes.
I'm captain, of course.
You two perform together?
In what? A cheer death match?
No. We would be...
Co-captains.
Pepper, even with
only half our squads,
we've still got
the best cheerleaders
in camp.
Hey, P-Dog! It is only a jump
if your feet
come off the ground.
-Okay, hon?
-Whatever.
Pep, I'm trying to tell you,
these Prairie Dogs are so bad,
they can't even roll over.
Don't give up on them yet.
Come on, you all.
One, two, three, four,
five, six, seven, eight.
Two, two, three, four...
♪ We are the Flamingos!
We are the Flamingos! ♪
Look. Please give
us a second chance.
Sorry, don't believe
in those, angel pants.
So you all just...
♪ We are the Flamingos!
We are the Flamingos! ♪
CARSON: Damn.
No Flamingo could throw down
like that last year.
Get out of my camp, Voorhees!
Hey, we're just
passing through, ma'am.
Don't get your
scort in a twist.
Wouldn't it be fun to, like,
rip him a new one
in Championships?
All right, you guys.
We called you out
here to tell you
that Pepper got us approved
with the council.
And now all we
need is a new name.
I was thinking
the East-West Spirit?
Ain't that an Amtrak train?
Why can't we have a cool name,
like TomKat or Bennifer?
How about the Jarks?
How about
the Sharts?
(ALL EXCLAIMING)
How about the Shets?
I mean, I don't see
you guys coming up
with something better.
All right. We're the Shets.
Uh-uh, uh-uh.
This ain't gonna work.
Remember what happened
to Tupac and Biggie?
We'll make it work.
We're combining the best parts
of both routines,
-so get up!
-Get up. Up, guys.
Come on, you guys, positions.
Get up!
Penn and Chelsea,
get in the back.
(CHELSEA LAUGHING)
I so don't do the back row.
Tell her, Brooke.
Why doesn't
Goth-a-sauraus step
to the back?
Because Goth...
Sarah can dance
her little ass off.
Now let's try this. Come on.
(SNARLS)
Chels, please.
Five, six, seven, eight.
One, two, three, four,
five, six, seven and eight.
Ready? Try it.
Five, six, seven, eight.
One, two, three,
four, five, six. Two more.
four, five, six... Last one.
One, two, three, four,
five, six, seven and eight.
I got this.
All right,
everybody, that was great.
We got the fever.
Yeah, bite me.
You're doing great, honey.
Hey, Penn.
I...
I'll be back
before next practice.
You know, I was
hoping that we could talk.
And by talk I mean,
you know, I thought
that maybe we
could have a do-over.
Do-over?
Carson, I think we're done.
Look,
Penn, I'm sorry I accused you
of stealing the spirit stick,
and,
of course, embarrassing you
and telling everyone
your darkest secret.
That was bad, but...
This could be going better.
Look, Carson,
I'm gonna work my ass off
to help our team win.
But you and me,
I think we should
stick to our own coasts.
All right?
Seven, eight.
One, two, three, four,
five, six, seven, eight.
Tight work.
Hey!
Pepper's lost her mind.
I think she put out
an AMBER Alert, too.
Man,
I'd love to know who took it.
I smell P-Dog.
No.
I bet it was the Flamingos.
Look, either way,
let's just hope
the curse is done.
We need all
the help we can get.
You know what? You're right.
Let's practice our
routine one more time.
What? You guys!
Get it, boy.
You better work it.
Bet I can cheer you up.
Don't be a wad, Penn.
Go find Carson.
Excuse me?
Yeah, I know.
Never thought I'd
say those words.
But, hey,
if you're into a bony ass
and cankles,
then what the hell.
Knot up! Go get her, fool.
Yeah,
but after she ratted me out
I can't make myself
trust her, you know.
Why not?
Damn.
I must be insane.
Doesn't mean I have to be.
Do what you want, Penn.
But don't be a  pendejo.
Brooke, thanks.
(SPEAKS IN SPANISH)
Whatever.
By the way,
your loss.
I'm double-jointed.
Five, six, seven, eight.
One, two, three, four,
five, six, seven, eight.
-One, and two,
and three, and four...
-Hey!
Ever heard of this new thing
called counting?
Everybody stretch! Now!
-Ever heard of team work?
-Shut up, Carson.
Yo, watch it, cuz.
Yo, stop fronting, cuz.
I heard you with Chicago.
You're not just an Oreo,
Aeysha.
You're double-stuffed.
You're wrong, Brooke!
My girl,
she been pulling drive-bys
since she was a shorty.
Yo, she was drinking
40s off the nipple.
Carson?
So, don't be getting up
on her Kool-Aid, biatch,
'cause I have
seen what she's done
to fugly swamp donkeys
like you, fo shizzle.
Carson, it's over.
Are you sure?
I cannot watch you
"fo shizzle" ever again.
Good.
Look, you all.
All this,
"Girl, please" and cursing,
it ain't me.
I mean, it isn't me.
I just did it to
get your respect.
See, the real Aeysha
got teased every day
in junior high
for being an Oreo.
You know,
black on the outside,
white on the inside.
And I've been hood
ratting it up ever since.
(EXCLAIMS)
You're whiter than me.
Maybe so,
but, that's who I am.
Just a black
girl who enunciates.
Do you have something to say?
Hey, if you want
respect that badly,
just be a bitch, like me.
Same respect, half the effort.
Guess the bitch
is out of the bag.
Truth out!
I'm a virgin.
Technically.
I just act that way
so guys will like me.
But it's really hard
being slutty all the time.
I don't know how
you do it, Brooke.
My parents aren't bribing me
to be a cheerleader.
I do it because
cheerleading is dark
and twisted.
Are you high?
No. Think about it.
We cheer for
the other team's failure
just as much as we cheer
for own team's victory.
That's so twisted.
Sarah?
Okay, I'm a little high.
Yo, this is like confession.
I'm out of here.
No, wait.
I have something to confess.
BROOKE: This should be good.
Miss USA has a secret.
Spill, Tara Connor.
I'm scared.
It's okay, Carson.
You can do it.
No, that's it.
I'm scared.
You know, I act like
the fearless captain
who's not afraid to go for it,
but, in reality,
going for it is
my biggest fear.
I'm so confused.
But don't let it stop you,
I mean,
it happens all the time.
Yeah. What I meant was,
I just wish I
could believe in myself
as much as I
believe in all of you.
I'm not gay.
I like girls
a lot.
Are you serious?
I'm straight.
You girls just assumed,
so once you started
changing in front of me,
I couldn't stop you.
And then,
I was like committed.
Hold up.
There's no way
this guy's not gay,
and I'll prove it.
Okay.
He is not gay.
No, but he is dead.
-Get him.
(ALL SHOUTING)
Hey, Mom. Hey,
can I speak to the General?
All right.
Hello, sir.
No, everything's fine.
I'm fine.
No, I'm great.
Actually, I'm not at
Warrior Camp exactly.
I'm at Cheer Camp.
Because I'm a cheerleader.
Yes, one of those.
Sir?
Dad?
Dad!
(SPEAKING SPANISH)
Listen.
This is the funny thing,
when you hear the rest,
cheerleading is gonna sound
like the good part.
About West Point...
Okay, that was
traumatic but good, right?
I mean,
now we can work as a team.
Yeah. A team of freaks.
We are not a team, okay?
We can't combine routines
and this was a dumbass idea!
Tell them, Ruben.
We can do this.
We blow. We cannot do this.
Because we're cursed,
all of us.
Holy crap,
Ruben, snap out of it!
What have you done
with happy Ruben?
It's weird, you know.
Now that I'm not gay anymore,
I'm not gay anymore.
Okay, we're freaks!
But let's make
that work for us.
Come on, you guys.
I mean,
there has to be some way
that we can perform together.
We can start with couples.
(BE GOOD TO ME  PLAYING)
I'll take the lead.
So,
like, we're gonna copy them?
I'm gonna move to
the right then to the left.
Okay.
Start up like that, all right?
Here we go.
Hey, you want to try this?
There you go.
Top again.
All right, top again.
Here we go.
Give me a turn. There you go.
For real.
This could work.
And I'll prove it.
Get over here.
All right, everybody ready?
From the top.
Look,
I'm cool about you coming out
of the straight closet.
Please,
you're just saying that
so I'll try to catch you.
Try?
All right.
Five, six, seven, eight.
That was tight. You know what?
I think we could
actually win this.
Maybe we should make sure.
"Compare the opposing army
so you may know
where strength lies."
Recon?
Hey, guys. We need
to get some disguises.
They practice on stage 70A.
Find it.
Cell phones ready?
Recon positions by
texting only. Break!
Chels,
I'm right next to you.
Thank you.
VANCE: Hey,
Ron, get the gate for me.
Hello, Mr. Voorhees.
The Flamingos just started...
Listen,
we have got to tighten up
the security.
I need more time
for my Flamingos...
Keep up the good work.
I guess your father
would laugh at us, huh?
He's not big into laughter.
You know,
I told him everything.
Really?
Then what'd he say
about you being a cheerleader?
Well, that he laughed at.
Hey, covert cheer-ops.
Two-to-one pyramid.
All right, Ruben, Eric, Nick,
you three in the corner,
be the base.
Come on, guys, hurry up.
Let's go.
Chelsea,
watch out for the guard.
Brooke, first level.
All right.
One, two, three.
PENN: All right. Now, Carson.
MAN: One, two, three, four,
five, six, seven, eight.
I don't want to
see any loose knees.
Jason, that's on the two.
You're always late.
Wait,
how did you guys get in here?
Seriously, that guy
wasn't even a real guard.
"If an enemy
leaves the door open,
you must rush in."
Art of War.
MAN:
Base, keep it together now.
I really want to see
you attack the ground.
Oh, yeah!
BROOKE: Oh, my gosh.
Welcome to cheer-topia.
State of the art everything.
Is that Letty Trotter?
Choreographer to the stars?
That look on your faces,
that's the same look I
had after my divorce.
So sad to see a dream die.
(SIGHS)
Anyhoo,
give my best to Pepper,
would you?
Vance wasn't bluffing.
Their tumbling is amazing.
Those Flamingos are like...
Better than us.
We need to come up
with something really good.
No, really?
I thought we'd come
up with something bad
and see if we
can win that way.
Sorry, it's a reflex.
What are we going to do?
Look, I don't know, okay?
I can't believe it.
After all this, I just wanted
to win Camp
Championships once.
Don't freak out, Carson.
Yeah, easy for you to say.
You've won.
Look, our dance routine
is better than theirs.
We just need a triple threat.
Let's think.
What would Sun Tzu do?
"Make use of concubines
who are greedy for gold."
I don't think Sun Tzu
would be riding
a rollercoaster, Carson.
You see how the red
and blue rails loop?
Criss-cross and
then corkscrew away?
Yeah,
almost like a double helix.
That'll be the path
of the two flyers.
-Sweet!
No one's ever
done that before.
We're gonna need something new
if we want to win.
Imagine if we pull it off.
That would be sick!
-It'd be awesome.
-So cool!
But is it possible?
Yeah, it's gonna
be really difficult
for the flyers.
Who's gonna do it?
Five, six, seven, eight...
(GROANS)
(ALL GASPING)
You okay?
Yeah. I'm fine.
All right,
you guys, let's do it again.
One, two,
three, four, five, six...
(LAUGHING)
Hey, Aeysha,
who taught you to sew?
Martha Stewart.
All right.
One portable hot press.
Nice work.
Where'd you find that?
Concierges can do anything
all over the world.
You'll see for yourself
when we win tomorrow.
REPORTER:
Where in the world
of competition sports
will you find two arch rivals,
forced by
a dramatic twist of fate,
to join teams and
combine their styles
to face
a mysterious new challenger?
Well, right here
at the All Star
Cheer Camp Championships,
where one of these
teams will win the title
and the right to
represent the United States
in the World
Cheer Exhibition Tour.
And who will that be?
Up next on Cheer TV,
the most exciting
cheerleading in the world!
All right.
All right. All right.
Ladies and gentlemen,
boys and girls, moms and dads,
welcome to
the All Star Cheer
Camp Championship!
(WHOOPING)
You guys look great.
All right.
Well, let's not
waste any more time.
Let's bring out
our first people,
representing Camp Victory,
ladies and gentlemen,
make a lot of
noise for Sebring!
(CROWD CHEERING)
PEPPER:
Thank you, Prairie Dogs.
Good luck in the competition.
Next up on the practice pad,
the Flamingos.
...three, four,
five, six, seven, eight.
Yeah.
Yeah!
-Yeah!
-Good job.
All right. All right!
Great job, Sebring!
They really
brought it, didn't they?
Another fantastic routine.
Am I right?
Yeah!
Are you ready for another?
All right! All
the way from South Dakota,
give it up for
the Prairie Dogs!
Don't forget your lock out.
All right, guys, let's run it.
Five, six...
(AUDIENCE CHEERING LOUDLY)
This is a cheer-saster.
A cheer-tastrophe.
A total
cheer-clipse of the sun.
-Not bad.
-Good one.
Yes.
Look, no,
you guys are all wrong, okay.
We're still good. We just...
We want the crowd
to be pumped up.
Okay, all right.
They were really good, right?
Sharks, Jets, Shets.
It doesn't really matter
what you call yourselves.
Oh, and you call yourselves
the Flaming Hoes.
Yeah. That's a bad choice.
...introduce to you,
the mighty Flamingos.
Hope you've been practicing
your loser facials.
Oh, wait. I think you're on.
You are so on.
Shelby, come on!
Come on, you guys.
Let's go.
Flamingos, think pink!
Pink, pink, pink!
They're even better
than I remembered.
And they're not even cursed.
Carson.
Okay, you've got
to get over yourself
and fast.
-What?
-Stop psyching yourself out.
Look, I'm totally fine.
You're totally not,
and they know
that you're scared.
Look, what else do
you want me to say?
You've been right
about me all along.
I'm not a good leader,
my skills are...
You idiot.
This is not about skills.
This competition is
about showmanship.
Your choreography is
going to win it for us.
Don't you know
you're more creative than me?
Why else would I
bother to put you down?
Carson, you've got it.
You always have.
But for the Shets' sake,
now you gotta bring it.
Hey, it's your year, remember?
No, Brooke, it's our year.
All right,
you guys, this is it.
Just stay tight and lock out.
Okay. On three.
One, two, three.
Shets!
Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!
-Yeah.
-Hey.
Yeah! Great job!
And now for our
last performance
of the day,
from Camp Spirit Thunder,
rising from
the ashes of both coasts,
here are the Shets!
Don't worry,
skids, I checked your marks.
Just catch me, okay.
Cradle.
All set, Penn.
(FAST-PACED MUSIC PLAYING)
(AUDIENCE CHEERING)
Cradle.
Told you I'd catch you.
Yes, yes. Yes, yes!
We did it!
That's what I'm talking about.
Give me some.
Some what?
Okay. All right. Yeah!
As always,
Cheer Camp Championships
deliver, huh? Let's hear you.
We'll have to wait
for the judges to score
because this one's
going to be close.
-Too close.
-Yeah.
Now is a really bad
time to be cursed.
You know what?
Who cares if we're cursed?
Getting cursed may have been
the best thing that's
ever happened to us.
Without this curse,
we would have
never become this team,
and hit a stunt
that's never been done before.
I mean, that was amazing.
I have the results right here.
I'll be reading
third place, apparently.
In third place,
representing South Dakota,
the Prairie Dogs.
Way to go, Dogs.
Look, we all gave 100%,
and we trust each other.
Who cares about
some stupid old trophy
and world tour?
Coming in at second place,
the Flamingos!
Oh, my God!
All right. So that
means the winning squad
that will
represent the United States
on a Cheer
Exhibition World Tour
is the East-West Shets!
-Brooke, I meant what I said.
-I know.
-It's just...
-We freaking won!
I know.
Pepper, got something for you.
My spirit stick.
Vance,
I knew it was you all along.
But why?
You don't even believe in it.
No, but you do.
Besides, the
stupid stick didn't
work in the first place.
-Pepper.
-Maybe it did.
We broke the curse.
You sure did. Congratulations.
No more curse! No more curse!
No more curse!
Carson.
(ALL WHOOPING)
♪ Boy walk in the spot,
he's so fresh
He got what he
needs to impressin'
♪ Just look at
the way that he dressin'
Ain't no
question chicks like oh
♪ Girl walkin' the spot,
she stop traffic
She's blowing your
mind with her asset
♪ So Jessica Alba fantastic
Instant classic boys like oh
♪ Maybe I can see
us moving like that
Maybe I can see us
touching like that
♪ Baby I can see
us kissing like that
We don't need no more
that he said she said
♪ Maybe I can see
us moving like that
Maybe I can see us
touching like that
♪ Baby I can see
us kissing' like that
We don't need no more
that he said she said
♪ He said girl you winnin'
She said boy where you been at
♪ Stop talking
let's get with it
Just like that they
♪ He said you're amazing
She said then why ya waiting
♪ No more deliberating
What you doin' let's get to it
♪ Just like that they
♪ Boy actin' as if
there's no pressure
He'd do anything
to get with her
♪ He say
anything to convince her
Money spent to
diamonds send her
♪ Girl playin' it
cool but she's with it
She lovin'
the fact that she's gifted
♪ Everything he
do she gets lifted
Feels so wicked lovin' like oh
♪ Maybe I can see
us moving like that
Maybe I can see us
touching like that
♪ Baby I can see
us kissing like that
We don't need no more
that he said she said
♪ Maybe I can see
us moving like that
Maybe I can see us
touching like that
♪ Baby I can see
us kissing like that
We don't need no more
that he said she said
♪ He said girl you winnin'
She said boy where you been at
♪ Stop talking
let's get with it
Just like that they
♪ He said you're amazing
She said then why ya waiting
♪ No more deliberating
What you doin' let's get to it
♪ Just like that they
♪ One night with you
boy just one night with you
♪ All the things we could do
Every day I think of
♪ One night with you
no one else but us two
♪ All our
dreams would come true
If we'd just get together
♪ Maybe I can see
us moving like that
Maybe I can see us
touching like that
♪ Baby I can see
us kissing like that
We don't need no more
that he said she said
♪ Maybe I can see
us moving like that
Maybe I can see us
touching like that
♪ Baby I can see
us kissing like that
We don't need no more
that he said she said
♪ Uh, what you waitin' for?
♪ He said girl you winnin'
She said boy where you been at
♪ Stop talking
let's get with it
Just like that they
♪ He said you're amazing
She said then why ya waiting
♪ No more deliberating
What you doin' let's get to it
♪ Just like that they
♪ And it's only baby
♪ You're gonna like it
You're gonna want it
We don't need no more
that he said she said
♪ You're gonna like it
You're gonna want it
We don't need no more
that he said she said ♪